Vistapool: document switch platform (#45643)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/vistapool.markdown

- **Filtration intel time**: daily runtime in Intel mode
- **Wi-Fi signal strength**: controller RSSI (diagnostic, disabled by default)

## Switches

> The integration provides the following {% term entities %}, grouped by what they control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integration provides the following switch {% term entities %}, grouped by what they control.
```

### Pool equipment

- **Filtration**: toggle the filtration pump on or off.

> - **Relay 1**, **Relay 2**, **Relay 3**, **Relay 4**: toggle the four generic relay outputs on the controller. The switch reads as on when the controller is currently driving the relay, even if the toggle was last set the other way — useful for automations that key on the effective relay state rather than the last command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Relay 1**, **Relay 2**, **Relay 3**, **Relay 4**: toggle the four generic relay outputs on the controller. The switch reads as on when the controller is currently driving the relay, even if the toggle was last set the other way. This is useful for automations that need to reflect the actual relay state, not just the last command sent.
```

- **Filtration intel time**: daily runtime in Intel mode
- **Wi-Fi signal strength**: controller RSSI (diagnostic, disabled by default)

## Switches

The integration provides the following switch {% term entities %}, grouped by what they control.

### Pool equipment

- **Filtration**: toggle the filtration pump on or off.
- **Relay 1**, **Relay 2**, **Relay 3**, **Relay 4**: toggle the four generic relay outputs on the controller. The switch reads as on when the controller is currently driving the relay, even if the toggle was last set the other way. This is useful for automations that need to reflect the actual relay state, not just the last command sent.

### Electrolysis / hydrolysis cell

These are available if your controller has a hydrolysis or electrolysis module installed.

- **Electrolysis cover**: enable cover-mode production reduction (lowers cell output while the pool cover is closed).
- **Electrolysis boost**: enable boost dosing for shock chlorination.

### Mode toggles

> - **Heating climate**: switch heating into climate mode. Available only if your controller supports HEAT mode.

Reviewer: HEAT/SMART: do they have to be capitalized?
We use [sentence-style capitalization](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/capitalization), also in UI strings. Are these modes seen in Home Assistant, or only in Vistapool?

Author: These come from the Vistapool mobile app's slider labels (which display all-caps), but the modes show up as sentence-case in HA's UI (the pump_mode select entity translates them to "Manual" / "Auto" / "Heat" / "Smart" / "Intel" per the integration's strings.json). Updating to sentence case to match HA conventions and the in-product strings. thanks for catching !
